Hello dear buyers want
we offer sales tablet wexler
tab 7b 3g in general model principle
not bad
will say from pretty interesting herself
model to design is interesting what is not
I liked it when I took it here
eat as you see and beating the move
micro sd well, that is, everything is there for
headphone is reset it is for charging so
that's it for sims
that is all this model needs
pretty interesting model say
so it works everything was bought literally
how much do I say now a month and a half
back that is basically everything is fine
which I really liked at all in this
models of this are not sensitive enough
and the center is generally perfect sensor
I think
how many different hands did I get there
sensory well, there is something there
here, as it were, let's be surprised at this
plan so basically everything works
only nuance
but it is fixable that is a nest for
charge I did not disassemble because
I think all the same I don't need it anymore
Nathan is not just there is another
picked up here it can be parsed in
principle correct yourself or give
service centers there like props
just when charging it a little bit
tilt goes and the charge goes
ok if not about a little bit set
as if she might not charge therefore
that's how it is one the most nuances but how
states this is offset by the price to
he has boxes there is a document all
you need a little charger that is you
here even when bought that is all that
need everything there so contact
acquire forgive normal ie
I'm not complaining about a good tablet 8 hectares
memory in it operatives gigabyte process
good so pretty shusty
but so here
please buy while you still have
thank